MC-18316: Updated API docs for WAF settings (#537)
cloudops/cloudmc-api-docs: source/includes/stackpath/_waf.md

      "webShellExecutionAttempt": true,
      "protocolAttack": true,
      "csrf": true,
      "openRedirect": false,
      "shellInjection": false,
      "codeInjection": false,
      "sensitiveDataExposure": false,
      "xmlExternalEntity": false,
      "personalIdentifiableInfo": false,
      "serverSideTemplateInjection": false
    },
    "generalPolicies": {
      "blockInvalidUserAgents": false,
      "blockUnknownUserAgents": true,
      "httpMethodValidation": true
    },
    "trafficSources": {
      "viaTorNodes": true,
      "viaProxyNetworks": true,
      "viaHostingServices": true,
      "viaVpn": true,
      "convictedBotTraffic": true,
      "trafficFromSuspiciousNatRanges": true,
      "externalReputationBlockList": false,
      "trafficViaCDN": true
    },
    "antiAutomationBotProtection": {
      "forceBrowserValidationOnTrafficAnomalies": true,
      "challengeAutomatedClients": false,
      "challengeHeadlessBrowsers": false,
      "antiScraping": false
    },
    "behavioralWaf": {
      "spamProtection": true,
      "blockProbingAndForcedBrowsing": true,
      "obfuscatedAttacksAndZeroDayMitigation": true,
      "repeatedViolations": true,

>       "bruteForceProtection": true,

Author: ```suggestion
      "bruteForceProtection": true
```

`owaspThreats.apacheStrutsExploit`<br/>*boolean* | Patch known vulnerabilities in the Apache Struts framework by blocking requests suspected of exploiting these vulnerabilities.
`owaspThreats.localFileInclusion`<br/>*boolean* | Block requests suspected of a Local File Inclusion attempt. Local File Inclusion attempts seek to exploit vulnerabilities in a Web application to execute potentially harmful scripts on your servers.
`owaspThreats.commonWebApplicationVulnerabilities`<br/>*boolean* | Block attempts to access and potentially harm your servers through common backdoors, such as common control panels, configuration scripts etc. which may be accessible to unwanted users.
`owaspThreats.webShellExecutionAttempt`<br/>*boolean* | Block requests suspected of Web shell attempts. A Web shell is a script that can be uploaded to a Web server to enable remote administration of the machine. Infected Web servers can either be internet-facing or internal to the network, where the Web shell is used to further pivot to internal hosts.

> `owaspThreats.protocolAttack`<br/>*boolean* | Block requests suspected of Response header injection attempts. Response header injection attempts to inject a header via insufficient user input sanitation.

Author: ```suggestion
`owaspThreats.protocolAttack`<br/>*boolean* | Block requests suspected of being a protocol attack attempt. Protocol attacks attempt to inject and manipulate headers or query parameters via insufficient user input sanitation.
```

`owaspThreats.apacheStrutsExploit`<br/>*boolean* | Patch known vulnerabilities in the Apache Struts framework by blocking requests suspected of exploiting these vulnerabilities.
`owaspThreats.localFileInclusion`<br/>*boolean* | Block requests suspected of a Local File Inclusion attempt. Local File Inclusion attempts seek to exploit vulnerabilities in a Web application to execute potentially harmful scripts on your servers.
`owaspThreats.commonWebApplicationVulnerabilities`<br/>*boolean* | Block attempts to access and potentially harm your servers through common backdoors, such as common control panels, configuration scripts etc. which may be accessible to unwanted users.
`owaspThreats.webShellExecutionAttempt`<br/>*boolean* | Block requests suspected of Web shell attempts. A Web shell is a script that can be uploaded to a Web server to enable remote administration of the machine. Infected Web servers can either be internet-facing or internal to the network, where the Web shell is used to further pivot to internal hosts.

> `owaspThreats.protocolAttack`<br/>*boolean* | Block requests suspected of Response header injection attempts. Response header injection attempts to inject a header via insufficient user input sanitation.

Author: ```suggestion
`owaspThreats.protocolAttack`<br/>*boolean* | Block requests suspected of being a protocol attack attempt. Protocol attacks attempt to inject and manipulate headers or query parameters via insufficient user input sanitation.
```
